very good girls very good guys
secret and we are in a new news
that will bring controversy attentive because
According to electronic arts nobody plays
modes stories in attentive games
because he has been peter moore ceo himself
from the editor which has done this
affirmation in an extensive interview
about her and her upcoming games
to the question of you and the rest of the
group of executives from it
Well, they should not kick
for not including a single player campaign
in battlefront answered the following
you never hit for these things you take a
decision years ago and plan how
will be the world when the game is
distribute within two or three years it
it's about the producer's intuition
executive and his vision about the game to
the claim that triple-a games
with singles single player
they are traditionally sold as best
way that those who have
multiplayer very responds the following
there are two phenomena with this
affirmation the first one is that if you could
be right the second is that
currently very few people are playing
the single player in this type of games
that's where the data obtained points
the reason why the missions mode
of battlefront will come to replace the
traditional campaign the big question what
you think about all this you think that
it's enough reason why star
wars battlefront will not have history mode
Would you like us to have history that
is the big question and if you think that
good nobody plays games stories
of the games that where there is a section
multiplayer so to speak I do not know
comment I want to know your opinion
about
mine I honestly do to myself
they like the stories modes is more
I enjoy or could even enjoy more
the games that have no mode
multiplayer games like for example
skyrim the saga fallout although you have to
add that to this fashion story of these
types of games and what would be is that is
depends on the type of game because this
type of games add a multiplayer
cooperative where an open world is
you can add serious people
the host with onion under my point
I want to know your opinion
thank you very much everyone for being there
lx favorite share and see you in the
next chao